--- PAGE 1 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source
Software
Xiang Mei
Arizona State University
xmei5@asu.eduPulkit Singh Singaria
Arizona State University
psingari@asu.eduJordi Del Castillo
New York University
jordi.d@nyu.edu
Haoran Xi
New York University
hx759@nyu.eduAbdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh
Arizona State University
abenchik@asu.eduTiffany Bao
Arizona State University
tbao@asu.edu
Ruoyu Wang
Arizona State University
fishw@asu.eduYan Shoshitaishvili
Arizona State University
yans@asu.eduAdam Doupé
Arizona State University
doupe@asu.edu
Hammond Pearce
University of New South Wales
hammond.pearce@unsw.edu.auBrendan Dolan-Gavitt
New York University
brendandg@nyu.edu
ABSTRACT
High-quality datasets of real-world vulnerabilities are enormously
valuable for downstream research in software security, but ex-
isting datasets are typically small, require extensive manual ef-
fort to update, and are missing crucial features that such research
needs. In this paper, we introduce ARVO: an Atlas of Reproducible
Vulnerabilities in Open-source software. By sourcing vulnerabili-
ties from C/C++ projects that Google’s OSS-Fuzz discovered and
implementing a reliable re-compilation system, we successfully
reproduce more than 5,000 memory vulnerabilities across over 250
projects, each with a triggering input, the canonical developer-
written patch for fixing the vulnerability, and the ability to auto-
matically rebuild the project from source and run it at its vulnerable
and patched revisions. Moreover, our dataset can be automatically
updated as OSS-Fuzz finds new vulnerabilities, allowing it to grow
over time. We provide a thorough characterization of the ARVO
dataset, show that it can locate fixes more accurately than Google’s
own OSV reproduction effort, and demonstrate its value for future
research through two case studies: firstly evaluating real-world
LLM-based vulnerability repair, and secondly identifying over 300
falsely patched (still-active) zero-day vulnerabilities from projects
improperly labeled by OSS-Fuzz.
ACM Reference Format:
Xiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab
(Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam
Doupé, Hammond Pearce, and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt. 2024. ARVO: Atlas
of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software. In Proceedings
of ACM Conference (Conference’17). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 14 pages.
https://doi.org/10.1145/nnnnnnn.nnnnnnn
1 INTRODUCTION
Vulnerabilities in software are both common and damaging: in 2023
alone, more than 28,000 vulnerabilities were tracked by the National
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
2024. ACM ISBN 978-x-xxxx-xxxx-x/YY/MM. . . $15.00
https://doi.org/10.1145/nnnnnnn.nnnnnnnVulnerability Database (NVD), 4,648 of which were classified as
Critical severity (using CVSS V3 scores). Studying the nature of this
growing world of vulnerabilities in software is critical, but doing
so requires a vulnerability dataset .
However, many existing vulnerability datasets, such as Common
Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) and the NVD, are designed to
alert users about vulnerabilities in software so that system main-
tainers can verify affected versions and apply patches for known
vulnerabilities in currently deployed software. Due to this focus,
these datasets are not effective as a research vulnerability dataset .
A research vulnerability dataset must consist of real-world vul-
nerabilities. To be maximally useful, each vulnerability must contain
metadata that includes: the input that triggers the vulnerability, the
source-code patch that fixes the vulnerability, and the ability to
compile the vulnerable and patched versions of the original source
code. All of this must be reproducible into the future.
Unfortunately, creating such a research vulnerability dataset
manually is difficult. For example, despite over 3,600 hours of human
work into reproducing publicly reported CVEs, Mu et al. [ 20] only
succeeded in reproducing a total of 368 vulnerabilities.
Another complexity is that, when used as an evaluation bench-
mark, research vulnerability datasets tend to become “stale” over
time as researchers (perhaps unintentionally) tune their systems
to achieve good benchmark scores on the research vulnerabil-
ity dataset without necessarily improving their real-world perfor-
mance. Therefore, a continuously updated research vulnerability
dataset is critical.
In this paper, we present ARVO, the ‘Atlas of Reproducible Vul-
nerabilities.’ ARVO is both a framework designed to address the
shortage of research vulnerability dataset and a comprehensive bug
dataset in its own right. Derived from Google’s OSS-Fuzz project,
ARVO aims to achieve a high level of reproducibility across a large
number of real-world projects and vulnerabilities, providing a ro-
bust set of real-world vulnerabilities for a research vulnerability
dataset. We focus on C/C++ projects due to their widespread use
and the significant impact of bugs in these languages.
1arXiv:2408.02153v1  [cs.CR]  4 Aug 2024

--- PAGE 2 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
The ARVO dataset has the following key features: (1) large-scale :
5,001 vulnerabilities across 273 projects at the time of this writing;
(2)recompilable : ARVO can rebuild the project at its vulnerable and
patched versions for each vulnerability in the dataset; (3) triggering
inputs : Each vulnerability has a proof-of-concept “triggering” in-
put that can be used to test for the presence of the vulnerability;
(4)precise fixes : For vulnerabilities in ARVO, we isolate and provide
the precise developer patch that fixes the vulnerability; and (5) us-
able: We provide prebuilt container images for each vulnerability,
allowing issues to be reproduced with a single command such as
docker run -it –rm n132/arvo:25402-vul arvo .
These features, as well as the fact that it can be continuously
updated with new vulnerabilities with minimal manual effort, make
the ARVO dataset well-suited as an on-going evaluation dataset
for many downstream tasks in software security research, such
as vulnerability discovery, fault localization, patch reduction, and
automated program repair.
ARVO functions by ingesting bug reports from Google’s OSS-
Fuzz bug tracker [ 25], which provides findings from the continuous
fuzzing of over 1,000 open-source projects. Unfortunately, the re-
ports by themselves are not enough to reproduce each vulnerability:
while they do provide the revision and triggering input found by the
fuzzer, reliably building the target software and its dependencies
at the vulnerable version, as well as locating the precise patch that
fixes the issue, require significant additional effort.
Although OSS-Fuzz does provide a tool1for reproducing his-
torical issues, it can only reproduce 13% of the issues we tested in
OSS-Fuzz, particularly with older projects with many dependencies.
As discussed in Section 4, ARVO achieves a much higher success
rate (63%) by carefully tracking project dependencies and identi-
fying the precise version needed, as well as mitigating the impact
of missing assets (e.g., when a dependency or resource has been
relocated or removed). With these reliable reproducing methods,
ARVO located 5,001 patches over 5,651 vulnerabilities by bisection,
and achieved 52.5% more cases than OSV-OSS-Fuzz [ 13], the cur-
rent state-of-the-art approach. After rebuilding the project at the
vulnerable version we also verified that the vulnerability can be
reproduced and created public, pre-built Docker images for each
issue, allowing it to be reproduced even if its dependencies succumb
to bit rot.
To evaluate the accuracy of ARVO’s patch identification, we
conduct a comparison experiment in Section 5.3 between ARVO
and Google’s own OSS-Fuzz reproduction effort, which attempts to
identify the commits that introduced and fixed each vulnerability
in OSS-Fuzz; this data is automatically published to the OSV data-
base [ 13]. For each issue, we check if the commit ARVO identifies
matches the one listed by OSV, and manually investigate any dis-
crepancies to decide which is correct, finding that ARVO achieves
much better results than OSV for the cases where the two systems
disagree over the overlapped cases.
Using ARVO, we uncovered several hundred cases of “false pos-
itive fixes”, where issues marked as fixed by OSS-Fuzz could still
be triggered on the most recent version of the project. This could
allow malicious actors to harvest unfixed vulnerabilities, which the
1infra/build_specified_commit.pycommunity does not realize are still extant, from OSS-Fuzz’s public
issue tracker.
Finally, in Section 6 we offer several use cases to demonstrate how
ARVO dataset can benefit research in software security, by using
it to conduct evaluations of LLM-based vulnerability repair and to
characterize real-world vulnerability fixes based on the developers’
patches.
In summary, this paper makes the following contributions:
(1)We identify the key challenges in improving reproducibility for
research vulnerability datasets and describe our methods for
addressing and mitigating these issues.
(2)We design a system called ARVO that automatically identifies
the correct patch commit from OSS-Fuzz projects and auto-
matically builds a reproducible environment for the vulnerable
software system.
(3)We present the ARVO dataset, a reproducible, recompilable,
and automatically updating dataset of over 5,000 real-world
vulnerabilities in open source C/C++ projects.
(4)We make ARVO itself—the framework, evaluation infrastruc-
ture, images, and metadata— open-source , so that other re-
searchers can build on our work. This includes more than 10,000
Docker images that can be used to reproduce each vulnerability
and can re-compile after any valid modification of the source
code.
2 BACKGROUND
Before discussing ARVO, we must first cover existing research
vulnerability datasets and the limitations of these techniques.
2.1 Fuzzing and OSS-Fuzz
Fuzzing is one of the most widespread techniques for finding vul-
nerabilities in software, particularly software written in memory
unsafe languages such as C and C++ [ 16,19,26]. Since the release
of American Fuzzy Lop (AFL) in 2013 [ 28], fuzzing has attracted
considerable attention from academic researchers and industry,
and has been used to find vulnerabilities in a wide range of critical
software. The most widely used fuzzing technique, coverage-based
greybox fuzzing , mutates inputs to a target program, runs the pro-
gram on those inputs, and selects inputs that expose new coverage
for further mutation [24].
Meanwhile, open source software continues to gain prominence—
as of November 2023 there were 284 million public repositories on
GitHub [ 8]—and is part of the Internet’s “critical infrastructure” [ 6].
The vast scale of this open source ecosystem over the last decade has
seen, with the boost of open-source software and version control
systems, the realization and documentation of numerous security
bugs. This has previously benefited the building of massive security
bug datasets, such as OSV [13].
OSV uses the Open Source Vulnerability Format [4] to describe
bugs. OSV.dev [ 13] aggregates several bug datasets that expose
data in the OSV format, and this includes more than 115,000 bugs.
If we limit the scope to C/C++ projects and to reproducible bugs,
OSS-Fuzz includes about 3,300 cases.
Created by Google in 2016, OSS-Fuzz [ 25] is an open-source
project that performs continuous fuzzing to detect and report secu-
rity vulnerabilities in over 1,000 open-source projects. Each project
2

--- PAGE 3 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
is expected to provide a fuzz harness that specifies API functions in
the project to test. OSS-Fuzz then monitors the project repository,
builds the software as new commits are made, fuzzes them with
a variety of fuzzers and sanitizers (e.g., AddressSanitizer [ 11]), au-
tomatically reports crashes found by the fuzzers, and periodically
checks whether the project has fixed the reported vulnerability.
Google’s OSS-Fuzz cluster has helped find and fix more than 10,000
vulnerabilities, as of August 2023 (the last reported data).
2.2 Patch Locating
For known vulnerabilities, the corresponding source-code fixes,
called patches , are vital to understand. Source code patches are used
to detect the existence of patches without source code [ 7,15,29] and
for hot-patch generation [ 1,5]. Revision control software makes
patches possible by recording all the historical changes. However,
automatic identification of patches is an unsolved problem.
The most well-known vulnerability dataset of CVE and NVD
not not have patches as a required. Furthermore, for CVE entries
with identified patches, there is no guarantee for accuracy and
correctness. The purpose of the CVE and NVD datasets is to help
alert system maintainers of vulnerabilities and identify vulnerable
software versions, not identify the patch.
Some automated methods such as CVEfixes [ 2] are designed to
map each CVE vulnerability to its patch. These methods use key-
word matching [ 22] and commit comment analysis [ 27]. However,
these focused on the text document/code information that they can
extract and analyze, and, therefore, have no guarantee of accuracy.
Moreover not all developers will leave comments describing the
bug especially when the bug does not have a CVE or the developer
does not understand the details of the underlying vulnerability.
2.3 OSV (Open Source Vulnerabilities) and
OSS-Fuzz
OSS-Fuzz essentially contains a mostly text-based dataset that pro-
vides, for each vulnerability, the fuzzer-generated input as Proof
of Concept (PoC) to trigger the vulnerability, the security sanitizer
report, and the software components revision to ease reproducing.
Google’s OSS-Fuzz fuzzing cluster compiles and runs the latest
version of the software daily. For the found vulnerabilities, every
24 hours, OSS-Fuzz takes the known PoC as input to run the latest
version of software to verify if the bug is fixed.
While this method automates vulnerability discovery and can be
used to build a research vulnerability dataset, the verification of the
patch can have a 24-hour delay. Therefore, OSS-Fuzz vulnerability
reports are coarse-grained and include a range of commits.
OSV (Open Source Vulnerabilities) is a database that collects vul-
nerability reports from different software (called projects on OSV),
including OSS-Fuzz, Linux, and Ubuntu. However, after checking
all the ecosystems on OSV including more than 1,000 vulnerabili-
ties, we found OSS-Fuzz is the only C/C++-focused ecosystem that
provides patches for generic OSS projects.
To generate OSV reports for OSS-Fuzz and identify the patch,
OSS-Fuzz has a sub-project called OSS-Fuzz-Vulns [ 12], which per-
forms automatic bisection search and repository analysis. Based on
the PoC obtained from fuzzing, OSS-Fuzz-Vulns can tell if a version
might be vulnerable or not by walking the revisions and decidedwhich version is affected and which is not. Based on this method
and from automating the pipeline earlier (since 2021) they have
around 3,300 cases
Surprisingly, the data from OSS-Fuzz is often unreliable and in-
accurate. For instance, consider OSV-2020-16762which identifies
a specific commit as the patch for a heap buffer overflow vulnera-
bility. Yet, upon inspection, this commit does not alter the source
code at all; instead, it simply adds a text file for GitHub Actions
configuration, which cannot fix the underlying vulnerability3.
In Section 4 we evaluate OSS-Fuzz reproduction in detail, high-
lighting the limitations, and discuss our approach to improving the
reproduction success rate from 13% to 63%.
3 REPRODUCIBILITY
A significant contribution of ARVO is the focus on the reproducibil-
ity of the ARVO dataset. Unlike prior work, ARVO allows not only
for replaying the PoCs for the vulnerable and fixed version of the
system, but also for the recompilation of each version of the soft-
ware. To accomplish this goal, there are several challenges, which
we highlight herein.
In this paper, we judge the reproducibility of research vulnerabil-
ity datasets on two criteria: the resources needed for reproduction
and the reproduction pipelines.
Reproducing Resources is all necessary metadata needed to re-
produce a vulnerability, including vulnerability descriptions, source
code of the related components, environment to reproduce, compile
methods/scripts, an example of a vulnerable binary, the Proof of
Concept (PoC) input that triggers the vulnerability, and the corre-
sponding patch.
Reproducing Pipeline allows the ability to easily reproduce the
vulnerabilities. We focus on only the pipeline reproducing success
rate and the required maintenance to measure the pipeline. This is a
challenges because of the complexity of resolving missing resources
(which we’ll discuss later in Section 3.2) and limited control on the
upstream software.
3.1 Why Recompilation?
Our definition of reproducibility requires recompilation, which is
not a common feature supported by most datasets. The lack of
recompilation limits the applicability of the datasets to several re-
search directions. For example, novel methods, such as white-box
fuzzing [ 3] and program repair [ 14,17], require a dataset that sup-
ports recompilation to perform the evaluation. Moreover, recompi-
lation ensures that the resulting binary is reliable and reproducible,
which avoids incorrect vulnerabilities in the dataset. However, such
a reproducible, recompilable, and scalable research vulnerability
dataset is still missing.
3.2 Challenges
Any large-scale research vulnerability dataset creation system must
solve the following reproduction challenges, much of which stem
from attempting to compile an old version of an open-source soft-
ware system.
2https://osv.dev/vulnerability/OSV-2020-1676
3https://github.com/strukturag/libheif/commit/085531bd09a364deb759513204107bf8c99b0402
3

--- PAGE 4 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
Mismatched Dependencies. While the source code is available in
a revision control system, a key issue is the libraries and other de-
pendencies that a specific version of the software depends on. Often,
the exact version of the dependency is not directly specified in the
revision control system. For instance, consider a system where the
build process fetches the main branch of a dependency to build it.
Clearly, this is not reproducible, as building a five-year-old version
of this system will likely not compile against the current version
of the dependency. Therefore, any reproducible and recompilable
research vulnerability dataset creation system must handle depen-
dencies, and Section 4.3 discusses how we solve this challenge.
Missing Resources. A related issue to mismatched dependencies
is missing resources, which is when the software system attempts
to fetch the source of a dependency, however the dependency is no
longer available. One example is that the website that hosted the
dependency changed domain names. Another example is the PCRE
library, which in 2021 switched from an FTP server hosting an
SVN repository to a git repo hosted on GitHub. This issue becomes
much more frequent as the number of dependencies of the software
increases and as time increases. We discuss in Section 4.3 how
ARVO handles this challenge.
Automated Pipeline. Prior work [ 20] spent 1,600 man-hours re-
producing 202 out of 368 vulnerabilities. This underscores the need
for an automated system that can continuously expand the dataset
with new entries. Therefore, we design ARVO specifically to be
automated and run with minor manual analysis.
3.3 Unsuitability of Prior Work
In light of the previously identified challenges, we now focus on
current vulnerability datasets and demonstrate the need for ARVO.
CVE and NVD only include a vulnerability description and some-
times a third-party URLs, which can be a report from another
dataset, a commit of the patch, or a blog from the vulnerability
discoverer. Therefore, there is not enough information to reproduc-
tion and requires manual effort of security professionals.
OSS-Fuzz-Vuln (described in Section 2.3) aimed to solve the
automation pipeline challenge by building a pipeline to fuzz open-
source software. While this reduces manual analysis, significant
manual effort is still needed to reproduce the vulnerability.
This effort is because the reproducing pipeline on OSS-Fuzz is
neither reliable nor strong. Most OSS-Fuzz reports only include
the two-component revisions: (1) the version that found the bug
and (2) the version when the crash stopped. These versions do not
correspond to patches, as they are created daily (and can include
many commits in a busy open-source project).
Therefore, locating the vulnerability patches requires recom-
piling old versions of the targets, and to derive this data for OSS-
Fuzz-Vuln, OSS-Fuzz performed bisection over commits that could
include the fix. However, OSS-Fuzz only found the patches for about
3,300 cases out of more than 10,000 reported bugs.
In addition, to measure reproducibility and recompilability, we
selected 100 random cases (from the 10,000 reported bugs) and
found only 13 cases that can reproduce the crash and the fix. There-
fore, this motivates the need for a new system that can generate
a research vulnerability dataset that is reproducible, recompilable,
and scalable.
ARVO
DatabaseExisting
Databases Repr oducer Patch LocatorDockerHub
ImagesFigure 1: Overview of ARVO.
4 ARVO
We designed ARVO with the goal of producing a reproducible and
scalable vulnerability dataset and solving the challenges mentioned
in Section 3.2. In detail, we aim to achieve:
Reproducibility. Provide all the reproducing resources mentioned
in Section 3.2 and a reliable pipeline to re-compile the (vulnerable/-
fixed) targets from the source code.
Scalability. The dataset should contain a large number of vulnera-
bilities and automatically incorporate new vulnerabilities as they
are found, to allow the dataset to expand and grow easily over time.
Quality and Diversity. Each vulnerability in the dataset should
be validated to ensure it is actually a bug with security impact.
The vulnerabilities should be distributed across a large number of
different projects, to ensure that evaluations using the dataset are
representative.
Ease of Use. The dataset should be easy for researchers and practi-
tioners to use, without requiring them to have extensive security
background or know how to build the projects in the dataset.
In this section, we will describe the methods used in ARVO and
the improvement the methods made compared to prior work; in
Section 5 we characterize ARVO and demonstrate that it achieves
these goals. Overall, it is able to successfully reproduce 5,651 out of
8,934 vulnerabilities sourced from OSS-Fuzz (63.3%), and identifies
the precise fix for 5,001 (88.5%) of the reproduced cases.
4.1 Overview
ARVO is an interactive framework to generate a research vulnera-
bility dataset, designed to ingest source metadata from ‘bug’/project
databases and augment this information with relevant source code,
build steps, and binaries. Because we hope to support downstream
uses such as analysis of security patches, evaluating vulnerability
discovery systems, and automated vulnerability repair, the ARVO
dataset also needs to include environments for re-compiling the
code of each project so that modifications to the source code can
be straightforwardly tested. To enable easy access, ARVO provides
an online Dockerized dataset as well as infrastructure to build the
dataset from scratch.
ARVO consists of two major components, shown in Figure 1: (1)
the reproducer and (2) the vulnerability patch locator, and ARVO
outputs the ARVO dataset.
The reproducer takes the provided metadata from the upstream
bug database(s), compiles the project binary for the specified (vul-
nerable) version, and verifies that the provided triggering input
causes a crash. It also checks whether the vulnerability was actually
fixed by the fix commit listed in the metadata by compiling the
project at the fixed version checking that the program no longer
4

--- PAGE 5 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
crashes. If either of these steps fails, we consider the vulnerabil-
ity unreproducible and exclude it from the dataset; we provide an
analysis of the causes of such failures in Section 4.
However, as previously discussed, the upstream metadata often
does not provide the exact commit that fixes the issue, but rather
a range of possible commits. ARVO’s vulnerability patch locator
searches this commit range to find the earliest commit that resolves
the issue; because we prepared reproducible project build envi-
ronments, we can bisect the commit history to identify the exact
changes that fix the vulnerability.
4.2 Source Data
To obtain a large number of vulnerabilities and allow the dataset
to grow over time, ARVO is designed to draw project and bug
metadata from upstream sources (currently, OSS-Fuzz). We rely on
some assumptions about the upstream data source (discussed in
Section 3):
∎Version Information: To reproduce the issue and find the pre-
cise fix, we need version identifiers (e.g., git commit hashes)
referencing the project’s revision control system that iden-
tify the vulnerable and non-vulnerable version of the project
and its dependencies. If these are not available, however, we
could (with some loss of precision) fall back to relying on
timestamps to locate the appropriate versions.
∎Build Environment: This refers to a virtualized, interactive
environment able to compile and execute the target programs
and their dependencies.
∎Crash Information: At minimum, we need a triggering input
and the command to execute the target program on that
input. Additional information such as sanitizer output can
also be used to validate that the crash we observe is the same
one identified by the upstream source, but this is not strictly
necessary.
The current implementation of ARVO uses OSS-Fuzz as its up-
stream source. To identify security-relevant issues with metadata
we need, we searched the issue tracker according to the labels
OSS-Fuzz automatically applies to each issue: Type=Bug-Security
(the crash is likely to be security-relevant, based on the sanitizer
report and call stack), label:Reproducible (the crash occurs de-
terministically whenever the triggering input is provided), and
status:Verified (OSS-Fuzz verified that the target no longer
crashes4). Combining these query elements, we obtain 8,934 is-
sues in over 300 projects after filtering obvious false positives (the
vulnerable version is the same as the fixed version), which serve as
the starting point for our dataset.
4.3 Reproducer
To reproduce an issue and locate its precise fix, ARVO must be able
to build the project and its dependencies from source at different
commits. However, this poses a number of challenges, particu-
larly for older vulnerabilities where dependencies, resources, and
toolchains may have been lost over time. Using the techniques
described in this section, ARVO’s Reproducer component can suc-
cessfully reproduce 5,651 vulnerabilities out of 8,934 vulnerabilities
4We will see in Section 6.2 that this label is not always accurate; we found over 300
cases where the provided test case still crashes the most recent version of the project.(63.3%); this is a significant improvement over the 13% success rate
achieved by OSS-Fuzz’s provided reproducer.
We identify three key strategies that ARVO uses to improve
the reproducibility of vulnerabilities: 1) revision control; 2) min-
imally intrusive build instrumentation; and 3) fixing missing re-
sources. These strategies are implemented in the ARVO reproducer,
as shown in Figure 2.
Revision Control
Successfully reproducing a vulnerability requires precise informa-
tion about the build environment and versions of the main project
and its dependencies. We found that the information provided
by OSS-Fuzz is generally sufficient: the build environments (the
OSS-Fuzz base_builder Docker container images with the com-
piler toolchain used to build the project) are publicly archived,
and a publicly-accessible Google Cloud Storage bucket stores a
srcmap.json file for each build with the commit hashes for the
project and dependencies5.
Build Instrumentation
The build scripts used by OSS-Fuzz to compile the fuzz targets
for each project are provided by the project developers in two
parts: a Dockerfile (derived from base_builder) that downloads
dependencies and external resources, and a build.sh script that
actually compiles the fuzz targets. Because these build scripts can
contain arbitrary commands, it is challenging to control the revi-
sions of the project and its dependencies. The reproducer provided
by OSS-Fuzz adjusts the main project to the correct commit, but it
does not attempt to set dependencies to their corresponding ver-
sions. This leads to compatibility issues and build failures when
dependencies have changed their APIs or build procedures. For in-
stance,imagemagick relies on 15 separate components, each with
frequently changing APIs and usage patterns, and attempting to
reproduce a vulnerability in imagemagick without adjusting the
dependencies to match the vulnerable version will likely result in a
failed build.
Figure 3 shows a simplified version of the workflow used to
build OSS-Fuzz projects. First, the Dockerfile is used to download
the resources needed before compiling (shown in blue on the left).
This step not only runs commands such as git clone to download
necessary resources but also executes some scripts such as git
submodule init or custom initialization steps. Then, after all the
components are initialized, in the red part, compile starts in the
Docker container.
When rolling back dependency versions, we attempt to be mini-
mally intrusive and make our changes only at the download stage.
Starting with the dependency names and commit hashes provided in
srcmap.json , we locate the point where the dependency is fetched
in the Dockerfile by looking for git, Mercurial, or SVN commands
referencing the dependency’s repository URL. We then add a com-
mand immediately after the download that rolls back the depen-
dency to the correct commit. In some cases, where the provided
version cannot be found (e.g., if the revision history for the project
has been rewritten) we use the issue timestamp to identify the
5The storage bucket also provides the original build artifacts (i.e., the actual binaries
that were used during fuzzing), but ARVO does not use them.
5

--- PAGE 6 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
FailSuccessVersion
InformationBuild Docker
Image
CompileOSS-Fuzz Repo
OSS-Fuzz Dataset
Components and
Dependencies
Revision Contr ol
Revision Contr ol
Dockerfile and
Build ScriptsFetch Missing  Resour ce
Docker  ImageFetch
Missing  Resour ce
Binary
Missing  Resour ce
DB
SuccessFail
Figure 2: ARVO Reproducer Structure
Table 1: Successful Reproducing Count when Revision Con-
trol is Enabled and Disabled.
# Dependencies Enabled Disabled
0 41 39
1 27 17
2-10 22 2
>10 10 0
closest commit before the vulnerability was found. This approach
minimizes the impact of our changes on the build process, reducing
the likelihood of introducing new compatibility issues.
By contrast, the original OSS-Fuzz reproducer attempts to adjust
the version of the main project by preparing the project source
outside the build container and mounting it in the container before
running the build script. This requires parsing the Dockerfile and
attempting to reproduce any necessary post-checkout initialization
steps carried out during docker build , which is challenging and
often fails in practice. ARVO sidesteps these issues by ensuring that
dependencies are at the correct versions as soon as they are fetched
and allowing all other build steps to proceed as normal.
We found that correcting dependency versions is crucial for re-
producing historical vulnerabilities. To demonstrate the impact of
incorrect dependency versions, we performed an ablation test with
100 randomly selected issues that ARVO was able to reproduce.
We then disabled the dependency revision control component and
attempted to reproduce the issues; as seen in Table 1, the over-
all reproducing success rate decreased dramatically from 100% to
58%. We also note that vulnerabilities in projects with many depen-
dencies are more likely to fail to reproduce without dependency
revision control. When we disable the revision control, the success-
fully reproduced cases’ have 0.45 dependencies on average while
the failed cases have 8.48 dependencies on average, which clearly
Prepare Base
ImageDownload
Component
CompileDocker Build Docker Run
Initialize 
ComponentFigure 3: Simplified Compiling Procedure
shows the importance of revision control. Thus, if we do not ac-
count for dependency versions, the resulting dataset may be biased
towards simpler projects with fewer dependencies.
Broken Resource Fixing
Similar to “bit rot” in software, while reproducing old vulnerabilities,
we encountered numerous dependencies where components were
no longer accessible, particularly for projects from the 2017–2019
period. During this time, many projects migrated their repositories
from Subversion to git, which breaks build scripts that reference
the old repositories. Additionally, certain build scripts rely on tools
and resources downloaded from the Internet, which may become
unavailable over time. Because the failure of any step in the build
process causes the entire process to fail, broken resources must be
resolved to successfully reproduce the vulnerability.
We divide missing resources into two categories: core resources ,
which are necessary to compile the fuzz target, and non-core re-
sources , which are not necessary for compilation but are required
for other parts of the build process. Core resources include soft-
ware dependencies such as libraries as well as tools used by the
build process that may be necessary to compile key components.
Non-core resources include documentation generation tools, seed
corpora used during the fuzzing process, and other resources that
are not directly related to the fuzz target.
6

--- PAGE 7 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
6f6caf f3a481 51cbb7 fc3c6f 577566 57be67 893aea
7f f4ae 352a9a 9928af c27d49 0ef f f0 05b88b4 f939c2 aa668bV ulnerability
Found
V ulnerability
FixedFix
V erified
Figure 4: Vulnerability lifecycle for OSS-Fuzz issue 44851 on
Imagemagick.
To identify missing resources we capture and log the error mes-
sages generated during the build process and look for errors related
to failed URL downloads. We then manually classified these as core
or non-core resources. For non-core resources, we simply modify
the build script to remove the resource. For core resources, we
manually locate the missing resource and replace it with a working
URL. These resource fixups are stored as rules that can be applied
to multiple vulnerabilities and projects.
Although the manual effort required may seem daunting, we
found that in fact many of the missing resources are shared by
many vulnerabilities and projects, so that fixing a relatively small
number of resources resolves a large number of issues. Our current
dataset includes fixes for 66 missing resources identified from the
past 8 years of vulnerabilities; thus, in the worst case, keeping
ARVO’s fixes updated would only require updating about 8 records
per year. This is a manageable amount of work, particularly given
the benefits to reproducibility: applying these fixes allowed us to
successfully reproduce an additional 1,568 vulnerabilities.
4.4 Fix Locator
Pinpointing the patch that fixes a given vulnerability enables many
different downstream uses of the vulnerability dataset, such as
research into how developers fix vulnerabilities, benchmarking
of localization and repair systems, etc. In this section we present
ARVO’s fix locator and how it addresses limitations in OSS-Fuzz’s
fix verification process.
OSS-Fuzz. OSS-Fuzz builds each project once per day, and, if a
crash is detected, it reports the issue to the project developers.
The developers then identify the root cause and commit a fix for
the issue, which can be time-consuming (vulnerabilities in our
dataset averaged 68.89 days between the initial report and the fix).
When OSS-Fuzz performs its daily build, it checks whether the most
recent version at that time crashes on the triggering input; if it does
not, the issue is marked as fixed. Particularly for highly active
projects, the delay between the developers’ fix and OSS-Fuzz’s
verification results in a range of possible candidate commits for
the actual patch. Figure 4 illustrates the process through a concrete
example: the vulnerability is first identified by OSS-Fuzz at 6f6caf ;
the developers commit a fix the next day at aa668b ; finally, OSS-
Fuzz verifies the fix at aa668b . Note that aa668b is not the actual
fix, but rather a minor change to the ChangeLog file; to identify the
actual fix, we must search over the 14 commits and 83 files that
were changed between the initial report and the verification.
freetype2imagemagick
libtif fFigure 5: Revision Control on Locator.
To compile the blue/purple revision of Imagemagick, revision control is
applied to get corresponding revisions over dependencies. Only 2 of 14
dependencies are included in the graph to avoid verbose demonstration.
ARVO. Although bisection is conceptually simple, it is difficult to
implement in practice due the difficulty of recompiling the project at
each commit. ARVO’s fix locator also benefits from the techniques
used for vulnerability reproduction: because we can precisely con-
trol dependency versions and account for missing resources, we
can recompile the project not just at its vulnerable version, but also
at other commits around the same time. This allows us to perform
bisection on the range provided by OSS-Fuzz to locate the true fix.
ARVO identified precise patches on the commit level for vulnera-
bilities in 88.5% of the reproducible cases from the reproducer. We
believe these developer-written patches for vulnerabilities may also
be of interest in their own right for future research such as work
on vulnerability repair.
As with reproducing the initial vulnerability, precise revision
control for dependencies is crucial during bisection, because we
cannot tell if a particular commit is before or after the fix was
implemented unless we can build the project and run it on the
triggering input. This means that as ARVO visits each commit dur-
ing bisection, we must also identify the corresponding commit for
each dependency to ensure that the build is compatible. Unlike the
reproducer, the fix locator cannot rely on the dependency versions
fromsrcmap.json , and so we instead use timestamps to find the
appropriate commit.
Figure 5 shows how revision control is applied for the Imagemag-
ick issue previously discussed. For each revision of the main com-
ponent, we used the timestamp to find the most recent version of
the dependency at that time, improving the reliability of the build
process.
4.5 Database Access
A goal of our dataset is that it should be easy to use, even for
researchers who do not have a security background; we hope that
this will allow researchers in other fields (e.g., machine learning) to
use it as an evaluation target. Based on ARVO, we have uploaded
docker images for each vulnerability to Docker Hub, allowing each
issue to be reproduced and recompiled with a single command:
docker run n132/arvo:<localId>-<vul|fix> arvo [compile] .
To support more advanced uses of the dataset (e.g., rebuilding
the project with other instrumentation), we make ARVO itself open-
source so researchers can rebuild the ARVO dataset from scratch
with their desired changes.
7

--- PAGE 8 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Timestamp0250050007500# VulnerabilitiesVulnerabilities Over Time
All Vulnerabilities
Reproducible
Fix Located
0 20 40 60 80
Month (Since Aug 2016)0204060Success Rate (%)Reproduction and Fix Location Success by Month
Reproduced
Fix Located
Figure 6: Database growth over time.
5 DATASET
This section presents the details of the ARVO dataset constructed
using the methods described in Section 4.
5.1 Dataset Characteristics
Dataset Size and Growth. At the time of this writing, out of 8,934
vulnerabilities initially obtained from OSS-Fuzz, ARVO reproduced
5,651 vulnerabilities across 273 projects. From these, we could pre-
cisely locate the associated fix for 5,001 vulnerabilities.
Figure 6 shows how these values grew over time against the
proportion of OSS-Fuzz vulnerabilities that we could reproduce and
fix. As can be seen, ARVO maintains a roughly constant rate of
reproduction for cases after 2017. This means our mitigations for
the missing resource challenge (discussed in Section 3.2) works.
Prior to 2017 the OSS-Fuzz infrastructure changed more fre-
quently. We hypothesize that this is why we have a lower success
rate for those months, as we focus on a more generic approach
suitable for the current OSS-Fuzz.
The growth of the ARVO dataset over time is continuous as OSS-
Fuzz also grows in popularity, includes more projects, and findes
more bugs. As we leverage their success, ARVO is likewise suitable
for scaling into the future—OSS-Fuzz’s continued fuzzing will keep
the ARVO dataset growing and up-to-date.
Project and Language Distribution. Table 2 shows the distribution of
vulnerabilities among projects. This distribution is relatively even;
the project with the most vulnerabilities represents 7.36% of the
dataset, and the top 10 projects collectively account for only 31.13%.
This indicates the comprehensive nature of the ARVO dataset: It
does not contain a small number of projects, but instead a wide
range of different C/C++ applications.
Patch Statistics. Of the 5,001 vulnerabilities in the ARVO dataset
for which we were able to identify the precise commit fixing the
vulnerability, we first filter out duplicates (which can occur when a
single patch fixes multiple vulnerabilities—this occurred in 1,246Table 2: Project Distribution in ARVO.
Project # Vulnerabilities % of Dataset
imagemagick 368 7.36
harfbuzz 147 2.94
binutils 146 2.92
ndpi 146 2.92
skia 143 2.86
ghostscript 136 2.72
ffmpeg 129 2.58
opensc 121 2.42
gdal 111 2.22
graphicsmagick 110 2.22
Other Projects 3444 68.87
cases) and then remove merge commits (as these contain many
changes unrelated to the vulnerability—264 cases). The filtered set
contains 3,491 patches.
The large size of this dataset allows us to collect some interesting
statistics on the nature of vulnerability patches. Prior research
has found that security-related fixes are typically small and self-
contained [ 18]. Our data also supports this finding: In ARVO dataset
we find that the average patch fixing a vulnerability affects 2.53 files
(mean: 2.53, median: 1, std: 9.56); 2,216 patches (63.5%) affect just a
single file. Looking at the number of lines added and removed by
each patch, we find a median of 6 lines added and 2 lines removed;
the means of both are significantly larger (131.0 added and 79.8
removed) due to a small number of outliers. 90% of the patches in
our dataset have fewer than 60 lines added or removed.
5.2 Dataset Comparison
Table 3 presents the ARVO dataset against several other state-of-
the-art bug databases. From this, we can see that ARVO dataset
is the only dataset to achieve reproducibility on a large scale—
indeed, we believe ARVO is unique in its combination of size and
bug reproducability. We have found no other public dataset which
achieves bug incident and patch reproducibility with complete
support for project recompilation for all bug cases at the scale we
provide. Primarily this is because while small datasets can achieve
reproducability through manual effort, this does not scale to larger
datasets. This is seen, for instance, in the CGC dataset’s reproducible
bugs, however the CGC dataset’s scale and custom setup (using
DARPA’s custom DECREE operating system) limits its usage.
Meanwhile, the ability to automatically update the dataset as its
upstream data source reports new vulnerabilities (a feature shared
with CVEFixes [ 2] and OSS-Fuzz-Vulns) means that ARVO will
continue to grow over time, preventing any downstream users of
the dataset from ‘overfitting’ to historical data. Moreover, larger
datasets typically prioritize quantity over quality, which can com-
promise their utility. This is particularly critical in binary analysis,
where despite the abundance of resources associated with each
vulnerability, substantial effort is required to reproduce them. By
providing the assets for reproducability directly, ARVO will sub-
stantially reduce this workload.
8

--- PAGE 9 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
Table 3: Comparison of ARVO with related datasets.
Dataset # Vulns # Projects PoC Automated Reproducible Patches Real-World
ExtractFix [10] 30 7 ✗ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✓
CGC 276 249 ✓ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✗
OSS-Fuzz-Vulns (OSV) 3,290 298 ✓ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✓
Big-Vul [9] 3,754 348 ✗ ✗ ✗ ✗ ✓
CVEFixes [2] 5,495 1,754 ✗ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✓
ARVO 5,001 273 ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Table 4: Cases where ARVO and OSV disagree on fix commits.
Category Number of Cases
ARVO was correct 56
OSV was correct 15
Neither were correct 18
More in-depth analysis required 11
5.3 Comparison between OSS-Fuzz-Vulns and
ARVO
From a pure size-based perspective, the ARVO dataset consists
of a database comprising 5,001 successfully identified patches for
vulnerabilities compared to OSV’s OSS-Fuzz-Vulns subset at doc-
umented fixes for 3,280 cases. ARVO also provides information
for reproducibility; OSV does not. However, only 1,906 bug cases
actually overlap between ARVO and OSV. To evaluate the quality of
the located patches, we first split the common cases (1906) between
ARVO and OSV into two groups: agree (86%) and disagree (14%)
cases. We then manually verified 100 cases from each group. In
agree cases, 84% were confirmed as true positives, while 56% of
ARVO’s results were true positives in disagree cases (OSV had only
15% true positives in disagree cases). Therefore, ARVO’s overall
success rate of locating patches is more than 80%.
In this comparison, we examined these overlapped cases to ex-
plore if the ARVO locates the patching commit correctly. This
was broadly the case, but in total there were 270 cases for which
ARVO and OSV disagreed on the fix commit. We randomly selected
100 cases and analyzed them manually to compare the results and
present the results in Table 4. We found that there were four distinct
categories of outcomes: firstly, cases where OSV provided correct
results; secondly, cases where ARVO provided the correct results;
thirdly, instances where neither OSV nor ARVO gave correct re-
sults (the bug patch was misidentified by both); and lastly, complex
patches which require additional in-depth analysis to ascertain
which patch fixes the bug more effectively. Another observation
during this analysis was the identification of instances where the
patches from OSV and ARVO were identical, with one being a
merge commit having the other as its parent. In such cases, we
deemed the original commit (parent commit) as the more accurate,
given that merge commits typically consists of a large number of
hunks with some not directly related to the fix.
We also explored the 1,636 cases in which ARVO and OSV iden-
tified the same commit for the bug fixes. Here, we again randomlyTable 5: Cases where ARVO and OSV agree on fix commits.
Category Number of Cases
Patch manually verified 48
Patch verified by developers 36
Total successful patches 84
False patches 12
More in-depth analysis required 4
selected 100 cases to analyze their results (shown in Table 5). For the
remaining 1,636 cases for which ARVO and OSV identified the same
commit for the bug fixes, we randomly selected 100 cases to analyze
their results. We found that there were three different categories of
cases. Firstly, there is a distinction between cases where the commit
message explicitly references the corresponding OSS-Fuzz issue
(e.g., “Fix OSS-Fuzz issue 20493”), and no analysis is required; and
cases where we had to manually analyze the patch and figure out if
this patch fixes the bug or does it avoid the crash. Secondly, there is
a distinction between patches which fix the bug and patches which
do not actually address the bug at all, instead modifying files which
do not affect the bug (e.g., Makefile ,build.sh ). These patches
do not address the root cause of the bug and the bug may still be
exploitable by attackers. Lastly, there were 4 cases where it was
difficult to tell if the patch fixed the bug or not without doing a
more in-depth analysis.
Table 5 provides the best estimate of ARVO’s patch localisation
accuracy at approximately 84%, and Table 4 provides a lower bound
at approximately 56%. Still, this lower bound comes from the less-
frequent bugs where OSV and ARVO disagreed—i.e. these are the
rarer, more complex cases.
We now explore three interesting cases in more detail:
Issue 35566 is an unknown address crash in Qt5 as reported by
libfuzzer. Comparing ARVO’s fix commit with OSV’s provides a
challenge. We found that ARVO’s fix commit was from the Qt5
project, but OSV’s was in qtbase project. In fact, Qtbase is a depen-
dency of Qt5 and is a submodule in Qt5 repository.
ARVO’s fix commit involved a submodule update to update all
of Qt5’s submodules. In contrast, OSV’s fix commit correctly fixes
the bug, which identified that the actual bug was not in Qt5 but in
Qtbase. The fuzzer discovered an input that triggered a crash within
Qtbase instead of Qt5. Because the way ARVO’s fix locator works,
it identified submodule commit as the fix, because the submodule
update commit also updates Qtbase from a vulnerable version to a
fixed version, thus preventing the crash.
9

--- PAGE 10 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
Fix on masterMerge stablemaster branch
Fix on stable
Bug foundstable branch
Figure 7: Git Graph view of the fix commits in Issue 23801
This is a limitation of ARVO’s due to its reliance on the metadata
from OSS-Fuzz. In this issue, OSS-Fuzz did not report that the crash
happened in Qt5’s dependency rather than Qt5 itself—ergo, ARVO
found the fix commit when the vulenrable dependency was updated
to be the fixed version in Qt5.
Issue 23801 is a double free bug in the mruby project. Upon reviewing
the crash report and evaluating the fixes provided by OSV and
ARVO, we noted that ARVO’s fix commit was implemented on the
stable branch, whereas OSV’s fix commit occurred directly on the
master branch where the bug was initially detected. Consequently,
we contend that OSV’s fix is more suitable given that it addresses the
vulnerability within the same branch in which it was discovered (the
master branch). The stable branch, which was forked significantly
prior to the discovery of the bug and later merged into master after
an extended period, contains the ARVO fix. Given this timeline,
the reliability of the fix implemented in the stable branch may be
compromised.
Figure 7 depicts the state of the mruby project when this bug
was discovered and when it was fixed in the master andstable
branches independently. The reason why ARVO found the fix on a
different branch is because to perform the search it gets the range of
commits using timestamps—however this method will also include
commits from other branches. We did this to improve our chances
of finding smaller and accurate patches, but this can lead to issues
such as this, where ARVO found a patch which is on a different
branch than the branch where the bug was discovered.
Issue 26952 is also a double free bug detected by libFuzzer but in
thewireshark project. After evaluating fixes provided by OSV
and ARVO, we found that OSV’s fix commit is unrelated to the
bug. We use the crash report to decide if the patch modifies a file
or a function related to the crash. In this case OSV’s fix modifies
thepacket-nas_5gs.c but this file is not mentioned in the crash
report. The crash report suggests that the object which was double-
free’d was allocated in dissect_rtps function of packet-rtps.c .
OSV’s fix commit ( 561c560 ) has 324 additions and 24 deletions in
a file which is unrelated to the bug. ARVO’s fix commit ( 29f2177 ),
on the other hand, is very precise and contains only 1 addition
and 2 deletions and is very relevant to the bug—being the function
mentioned in the crash report. Figure 8 shows ARVO’s patch.--- a/epan/dissectors/packet-rtps.c
+++ b/epan/dissectors/packet-rtps.c
@@ -10544,8 +10544,7 @@ static gboolean dissect_rtps
* its changes.
*/
if (pinfo->private_table == NULL && pinfo->ptype == PT_TCP) {
- pinfo->private_table = g_hash_table_new_full(g_str_hash, g_str_equal,
- g_free, g_free);
+ pinfo->private_table = g_hash_table_new(g_str_hash, g_str_equal);
...
Figure 8: ARVO’s fix for 26952
6 CASE STUDIES
This section presents two case studies showing how ARVO can
be used for research purposes. The first explores an application
of Large Language Models (LLMs) for bug repair, and the second
discusses how we found hundreds of current zero-day bugs from
OSS-Fuzz’s bug reporting.
6.1 Evaluation of LLMs for Bug Repair
Recent research has found that large language models (LLMs) may
be effective at automatically repairing security vulnerabilities. How-
ever, existing work has only evaluated LLMs’ capabilities at this
task on a handful of vulnerabilities (e.g., Pearce et al. [ 21] used a
subset of the ExtractFix dataset containing just 12 CVEs). In this
case study, we demonstrate ARVO’s potential for conducting much
more extensive evaluations of vulnerability repair.
We evaluate GPT-3.5 and GPT-46on ARVO’s dataset. Because
it is costly to operate the LLMs we evaluate their bug-fixing per-
formance over 100 randomly-selected vulnerabilities, and because
LLMs are currently limited in the size of the inputs they can handle
we ensure these vulnerabilities have an official patch consisting
of a single hunk (i.e. it changes only one location in the code).
Similar to other work in vulnerability repair, we also assume the
existence of a “localization oracle” that identifies the correct func-
tion to patch, and then prompt the model to rewrite the function to
fix the vulnerability.
The prompt provided to the LLM includes the source code of the
whole vulnerable function and the sanitizer report for the corre-
sponding vulnerability. In the crash sanitizer report, the crash type
(e.g., heap buffer overflow) is provided.
To validate the patches we use ARVO to first validate the project
and dependencies for each issue, then apply the LLM-generated fix
to the code before (re-)building the project. If the build succeeds,
we then use the triggering input to test if the repair was successful.
For this evaluation, we do not attempt to validate that the patched
version keeps the functionality of the program intact (which would
6Specifically, gpt-3.5-turbo-1106 andgpt-4-1106-preview .
Table 6: LLMs Repair Evaluation
Results GPT-3.5-Turbo GPT-4-Turbo
No Crash 13 20
Crash 32 38
Compile Failed 33 27
Too Long 22 15
10

--- PAGE 11 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
--- a/src/lib/protocols/ori.c
+++ b/src/lib/protocols/correct.c
@@ -115,12 +115,12 @@ static int thrift_validate_type
{
if (thrift_validate_method(method, method_length) == 0) {
ndpi_set_risk ...;
flow->protos.thrift.method[0] = '\0';
} else {
- strncpy(flow->protos.thrift.method, method, method_length);
+ strncpy(flow->protos.thrift.method, method,
+ ndpi_min(sizeof(flow->protos.thrift.method), method_length));
}
}
--- a/src/lib/protocols/ori.c
+++ b/src/lib/protocols/gpt_fix.c
@@ -1,12 +1,14 @@ static int thrift_validate_type
{
- if (thrift_validate_method(method, method_length) == 0) {
+ if (method_length >= sizeof(flow->protos.thrift.method)) {
ndpi_set_risk ...;
flow->protos.thrift.method[0] = '\0';
} else {
strncpy(flow->protos.thrift.method, method, method_length);
+ flow->protos.thrift.method[method_length] = '\0';
}
}
Figure 9: Correct Fix and GPT Fix
require, at minimum, the ability to run the project’s test suite, a
feature ARVO currently lacks), nor do we verify that the patch fixes
the root cause of the vulnerability (rather than simply preventing
the test case from triggering); we leave a more thorough evaluation
to future work.
The results, shown in Table 6, indicate that GPT-4-Turbo gen-
erally produces better patches than GPT-3.5-Turbo (unsurprising
given that GPT-4 is OpenAI’s flagship model). In the table, “No
Crash” means the patched version no longer crashed on the PoC
input, and “Crash” indicates the patched version was still vulnera-
ble. “Compile Failed” denotes cases where the LLM-generated code
did not compile, usually because the LLM attempted to call nonex-
istent functions. Finally, we found 37 cases where the provided
repair prompt was too large to fit in the model’s context limit (“Too
Long”).
Among the apparently-successful repairs, we did find that there
are cases that merely avoid the crash rather than fixing the bug.
Figure 9, which depicts the official patch and the patch generated
by GPT-3.5 on a heap buffer overflow, depicts one such case. As
the modifications show, the developer fix performs a length check
to fix the heap buffer overflow, while the LLM patch modifies an
if statement. While the latter fix does prevent the PoC input from
triggering the vulnerability, it also breaks the functionality of the
original code. This case demonstrates the need for careful examina-
tion of apparent “fixes” when evaluating repair systems, echoing
prior results in the program repair literature [23].
6.2 False Positives and Zero-day Bugs in
OSS-Fuzz
After obtaining all source data from OSS-Fuzz, we were able to im-
prove the original reproducing success rate from 13% to 63%. For the
37% cases that we failed to reproduce, 46.6% were due to two similar
issues: "vulnerability can’t be reproduced" and "the fixed version
still crashes". We investigated these cases and found that 57% ofthese cases were not our fault but rather OSS-Fuzz’s false positives,
including non-reproducible crashes and non-verifiable fixes. Then,
we confirmed these false positives on OSS-Fuzz, which resulted in
not only polluted reports but leaked zero-day vulnerabilities.
Given our pursuit of bug reproducibility, during the develop-
ment of ARVO, we continuously and systematically analyzed cases
where we were unable to reproduce bugs reported by OSS-Fuzz.
In total, we found 46.6% of non-reproducible cases were due to
either a failure to reproduce the intended crash or a failure to verify
that the patch was correct. These mean that ARVO could success-
fully compile the intended version of the software, however, the
PoCs given from OSS-Fuzz are not able to trigger the expected
behaviors (i.e. crash/not crash). After investigating this further, we
found there are large numbers of both false bugs and false patches
found on OSS-Fuzz. The latter is particularly concerning because
OSS-Fuzz automatically opens issues to the public once they are
detected as fixed—these can be considered zero-day bugs, accom-
panied by triggering inputs, that attackers could use to develop
working exploits.
We first considered other potential causes, such as errors with the
version control, but could not identify any reason other than errors
in OSS-Fuzz’s provided metadata. In order to rule out issues with
our own build environment, we downloaded the compiled binary
OSS-Fuzz used to “verify” the fix; Google makes these artifacts
publicly available via Google Cloud Storage.
Concerningly, after downloading the OSS-Fuzz binaries and ver-
ifying these cases with their PoCs, out of the 1000 cases in which
ARVO failed to verify the fixed version we found that 572 of these
binaries were still crashing with the corresponding PoC .
Further investigation found that these cases fell into one of three
categories: (1) Zero-day Vulnerability: The vulnerability is present
in the latest version, with a report on OSS-Fuzz labeling it as fixed.
This potentially exposes information about unfixed vulnerabilities
and how to trigger them to attackers.
(2) Broken OSS-Fuzz Vulnerability Reports: The bug is fixed cor-
rectly by the developers, but on a later commit than the one iden-
tified by OSS-Fuzz. These cases are less harmful, but are a source
of noise when attempting to draw conclusions about vulnerability
patches based on OSS-Fuzz data.
(3) Hidden Vulnerability: The bug is hidden because the code
changes. Since OSS-Fuzz wrongly informs the project developers
that the vulnerabilities were fixed, developers may not deeply inves-
tigate into the original crash to fix the vulnerability. After enough
code changes, the original PoC may no longer trigger the vulnera-
bility because of data/control flow changes.
Of these options, the potential for zero-day vulnerabilities is
the most concerning. Although we found them in the process of
building the ARVO dataset, simpler techniques for extraction may
also work—e.g., by collecting all PoCs on OSS-Fuzz and running
them on the latest version software.
For the other cases where the crash cannot be reproduced with
the latest version of the software, we can leverage ARVO’s capability
for project reproduction to perform a binary search between the
commit when the crash is found to the latest commit. Because
some commits may fail compilation (the bisection search could
be downgraded to linear search) and given limited computational
resources, we performed bisection with up to 10 linear steps from
11

--- PAGE 12 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
a commit that fails to compile, which avoids spending too much
time on one case. In this experiment, we automatically found 128
commits that stopped the crash over 297 false positives. Most of
them are correct patches since these bugs were later rediscovered
by OSS-Fuzz, letting project developers notice and fix them.
Examples: The open issue 252677on OSS-Fuzz was claimed fixed.
However, the OSS-Fuzz points to a commit8which modified a
README file as the ‘fix’ of the heap buffer overflow vulnerability
(obviously wrong). With ARVO, we located a potential patch9,
which was applied two years later after the bug was found. In
this patch 9, the commit message indicates that the patch fixes a
wrong size passed to memcpy . According to the crash call stack we
reproduced, the modified function is marked as the function that
allocated the overflowed heap chunk. Furthermore, based on the de-
duplication feature supported on ARVO, we found that issue 39373
shares the same fix. Despite different fuzz engines ( honggfuzz and
afl) being applied, the crash reports are quite similar. Therefore,
open issue 25267 was actually a leaked zero-day vulnerability for
around 2 years , with a report on OSS-Fuzz pointing the attackers
to the PoC.
Disclosure: We reported more than 300 of these potential leaked
zero-day bug cases to OSS-Fuzz, and further responsible disclosure
for the existing bugs is being processed. Thanks to the reliable
reproducibility features of ARVO, these mistaken patch reports in
OSS-Fuzz were caught.
7 DISCUSSION
A key benefit of the idea behind ARVO is that it can be generally ap-
plicable to any upstream source data of vulnerabilities in a software
system. While ARVO is targeted to OSS-Fuzz hosted projects, we
believe that other vulnerability identification systems—including
those run on closed-source software systems—can use the ideas
and insights of ARVO to create research vulnerability datasets.
One of the key challenging aspects when building ARVO that we
faced was the lack of context captured by the upstream source data
(discussed in Section 4.2). When OSS-Fuzz identifies a vulnerability,
they capture the binary, however the entire build environment is not
captured. This lack of environment capture is why ARVO required
the reproducer. While ARVO can continue to collect data, we believe
that upstream data sources can benefit the entire ecosystem by
capturing this context, which would greatly improve the ease of
dataset creation.
In a similar vein, it is clear that the open-source software ecosys-
tem does not focus on long-term recompilability of specific soft-
ware versions. While ARVO is able to build on the structure im-
plemented by OSS-Fuzz, there are still significant challenges that
remain. Clearly there is not enough structure and support to de-
velop open-source software that can repeatably compile into the
future. Perhaps a long-term goal would be improvements in the
open-source ecosystem to help developers create reproducible and
recompilable builds and combat bitrot.
7https://bugs.chromium.org/p/oss-fuzz/issues/detail?id=25267
8https://github.com/strukturag/libheif/commit/5f948947733b
9https://github.com/strukturag/libheif/commit/11ffeffadd987.1 Limitations
Even though ARVO demonstrated significant improvement over
prior datasets, the methodology does face certain limitations.
Source-Dependent. ARVO takes sources from upstream datasets
and trusts the metadata. Even though ARVO can detect some issues,
broken metadata from the upstream dataset may lead to false posi-
tives. For example, there are cases when the vulnerability is in a
project’s dependency, but the metadata implies the main component
is vulnerable.
PoC-based Reproduction. While reproducing vulnerabilities, we did
not perform strict matches on the crash type and address, poten-
tially affecting the accuracy of the ARVO dataset (i.e., it is possible
that the crash we reproduce differs from the original vulnerability,
despite sharing the same triggering input). Additional measure-
ments could be used to improve the data quality.
Patch Quality. ARVO’s reliance on bisection for identifying vulnera-
bility fixes has limitations. Due to the possibility of multiple related
commits, this approach might not always accurately pinpoint the
exact fix, particularly when fixes involve a series of modifications.
Also, while a commit may lead us to a presumed fix, an individual
commit might encompass extensive modifications, complicating
the identification of the precise change responsible for the fix.
Another concern is our omission of functionality checks on the
implemented fixes. Our observations suggest that most fixes, while
mitigating the PoC vulnerability trigger, may not be functionally
optimal—or might simply remove the vulnerable code block without
addressing the underlying root cause of the vulnerability.
Duplicated Cases. The ARVO dataset can include duplicated bugs
from OSS-Fuzz, where OSS-Fuzz has reported two (or more) vul-
nerabilities that share a single underlying root cause. As these
duplicate cases will trigger the bug from different paths (using dif-
ferent PoCs), to test the robustness of a patch we mark them instead
of filtering them out. It is also not precise to check duplicated cases
by a commit-level patching comparison if a single commit patches
multiple bugs. In future work we hope to use ARVO to precisely
detect duplicate bugs reported from OSS-Fuzz; assuming that we
can identify patches for each issue that are precise and minimal
(changing only what is necessary to fix the issue), then two bugs
can be considered the same if the patch that fixes them is identical.
Time Consuming. Even though we prepared all docker images, re-
producing bugs via re-compiling projects is time-consuming. Even
though there are only a few commands to run, re-building the ARVO
dataset from scratch may take weeks for end-users depending on
compute resources. Further, when patch locating, because certain
‘bad’ commits fail compilation, the bisection could be downgraded
to linear search which is also time-consuming. We note, however,
that this computational cost can be avoided for issues ARVO has al-
ready reproduced, because we make the resulting container images
(which contain the build artifacts) publicly available.
8 FUTURE WORK
We intend for ARVO to be a framework and dataset which continues
to grow over time—at the very least via OSS-Fuzz reports which
the system continues to ingest and process. We also hope to add
12

--- PAGE 13 ---
ARVO: Atlas of Reproducible Vulnerabilities for Open Source Software Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USA
more sources, such as Linux Kernel vulnerabilities, as upstream
data sources.
Based on our original purpose, our future focus will include
enhancing the reliability and automation of our compiling processes
as well as facilitating the use of ARVO in further security research.
In pursuit of these goals we also aim to improve the success rate
of locating and reproducing vulnerabilities. A higher success rate
would not only expand our database but also accelerate its growth,
which is crucial for security research. More precise revision control
could be implemented to expand the dataset.
We plan to refine our methodologies as an open-source project.
9 CONCLUSION
In this paper, we present ARVO—an Atlas of Reproducible Vul-
nerabilities in Open source software, established as a scalable and
accessible benchmarking tool for binary security unique in its re-
producibility. This paper outlines our approach for transforming
document-centric vulnerability reports into a database of interac-
tive and reproducible environments. Additionally, we identified and
solved numerous challenges associated with building and reproduc-
ing historical vulnerabilities, despite the “bit rot” of their associated
dependencies, resources, and toolchains.
We justify the utility of ARVO through two case studies, one
as a brief examination of LLMs for real-world vulnerability repair
(showing that GPT-4 can ‘fix’ more issues than GPT-3.5-Turbo and
20% of issues overall), and the second which examined the reliability
of OSS-Fuzz reports. This exploration yielded a startling discovery
of over 300 active vulnerabilities in open-source projects previously
identified by OSS-Fuzz but inaccurately flagged as fixed.
Our dataset of reproducible vulnerabilities and the framework
behind it are open-source, contain more than 5,000 vulnerabilities
across 273 projects on more than 10,000 interactive build images
onDockerhub . We believe it is the most comprehensive offering to
date in this area, especially as the framework has the facilities to
add new vulnerabilities and projects automatically in the future.
REFERENCES
[1]Gautam Altekar, Ilya Bagrak, Paul Burstein, and Andrew Schultz. 2005.
OPUS: Online Patches and Updates for Security. In 14th USENIX Se-
curity Symposium (USENIX Security 05) . USENIX Association, Baltimore,
MD. https://www.usenix.org/conference/14th-usenix-security-symposium/
opus-online-patches-and-updates-security
[2]Guru Bhandari, Amara Naseer, and Leon Moonen. 2021. CVEfixes: automated
collection of vulnerabilities and their fixes from open-source software. In Proceed-
ings of the 17th International Conference on Predictive Models and Data Analytics
in Software Engineering (PROMISE 2021) . Association for Computing Machinery,
New York, NY, USA, 30–39. https://doi.org/10.1145/3475960.3475985
[3]Marcel Böhme, Van-Thuan Pham, Manh-Dung Nguyen, and Abhik Roychoud-
hury. 2017. Directed Greybox Fuzzing. In Proceedings of the 2017 ACM SIGSAC
Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS) .
[4]Oliver Chang and Russ Cox. 2024. Open Source Vulnerability format. https:
//ossf.github.io/osv-schema/.
[5]Yue Chen, Yulong Zhang, Zhi Wang, Liangzhao Xia, Chenfu Bao, and Tao
Wei. 2017. Adaptive Android Kernel Live Patching. In 26th USENIX Secu-
rity Symposium (USENIX Security 17) . USENIX Association, Vancouver, BC,
1253–1270. https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity17/technical-
sessions/presentation/chen
[6]CISA. 2023. CISA Open Source Software Security Roadmap. https://www.cisa.
gov/resources-tools/resources/cisa-open-source-software-security-roadmap.
[7]Jiarun Dai, Yuan Zhang, Zheyue Jiang, Yingtian Zhou, Junyan Chen, Xinyu
Xing, Xiaohan Zhang, Xin Tan, Min Yang, and Zhemin Yang. 2020. BScout:
Direct Whole Patch Presence Test for Java Executables. In 29th USENIX Security
Symposium (USENIX Security 20) . USENIX Association, 1147–1164. https://www.
usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity20/presentation/dai[8]Kyle Daigle. 2023. Octoverse: The state of open source and rise of AI in 2023.
https://github.blog/2023-11-08-the-state-of-open-source-and-ai/.
[9]Jiahao Fan, Yi Li, Shaohua Wang, and Tien N. Nguyen. 2020. A C/C++ Code
Vulnerability Dataset with Code Changes and CVE Summaries. In Proceedings
of the 17th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR ’20) .
Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 508–512. https:
//doi.org/10.1145/3379597.3387501
[10] Xiang Gao, Bo Wang, Gregory J. Duck, Ruyi Ji, Yingfei Xiong, and Abhik Roy-
choudhury. 2021. Beyond Tests: Program Vulnerability Repair via Crash Con-
straint Extraction. ACM Transactions on Software Engineering and Methodology
30, 2 (March 2021), 1–27. https://doi.org/10.1145/3418461
[11] Google. 2024. AddressSanitizer. https://github.com/google/sanitizers/wiki/
AddressSanitizer.
[12] Google. 2024. oss-fuzz-vulns. https://github.com/google/oss-fuzz-vulns/.
[13] Google. 2024. osv.dev. https://osv.dev/.
[14] Claire Le Goues, Michael Pradel, and Abhik Roychoudhury. 2019. Automated
program repair. Commun. ACM 62, 12 (2019), 56–65.
[15] Zheyue Jiang, Yuan Zhang, Jun Xu, Qi Wen, Zhenghe Wang, Xiaohan Zhang,
Xinyu Xing, Min Yang, and Zhemin Yang. 2020. PDiff: Semantic-based Patch
Presence Testing for Downstream Kernels. In Proceedings of the 2020 ACM SIGSAC
Conference on Computer and Communications Security (Virtual Event, USA) (CCS
’20). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1149–1163.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3372297.3417240
[16] George Klees, Andrew Ruef, Benji Cooper, Shiyi Wei, and Michael Hicks. 2018.
Evaluating fuzz testing. In Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC conference on
computer and communications security . 2123–2138.
[17] Claire Le Goues, ThanhVu Nguyen, Stephanie Forrest, and Westley Weimer. 2012.
GenProg: A Generic Method for Automatic Software Repair. IEEE Transactions
on Software Engineering 38, 1 (Jan. 2012), 54–72. https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.
2011.104
[18] Frank Li and Vern Paxson. 2017. A Large-Scale Empirical Study of Security
Patches. In Proceedings of the 2017 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and
Communications Security (CCS ’17) . Association for Computing Machinery, New
York, NY, USA, 2201–2215. https://doi.org/10.1145/3133956.3134072
[19] Barton P. Miller, Lars Fredriksen, and Bryan So. 1990. An empirical study of the
reliability of UNIX utilities. Commun. ACM 33, 12 (Dec. 1990), 32–44. https:
//doi.org/10.1145/96267.96279
[20] Dongliang Mu, Alejandro Cuevas, Limin Yang, Hang Hu, Xinyu Xing, Bing Mao,
and Gang Wang. 2018. Understanding the Reproducibility of Crowd-reported
Security Vulnerabilities. In 27th USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security
18). USENIX Association, Baltimore, MD, 919–936. https://www.usenix.org/
conference/usenixsecurity18/presentation/mu
[21] Hammond Pearce, Benjamin Tan, Baleegh Ahmad, Ramesh Karri, and Brendan
Dolan-Gavitt. 2023. Examining Zero-Shot Vulnerability Repair with Large Lan-
guage Models. In 2023 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP) . 2339–2356.
https://doi.org/10.1109/SP46215.2023.10179324 ISSN: 2375-1207.
[22] Henning Perl, Sergej Dechand, Matthew Smith, Daniel Arp, Fabian Yamaguchi,
Konrad Rieck, Sascha Fahl, and Yasemin Acar. 2015. VCCFinder: Finding Potential
Vulnerabilities in Open-Source Projects to Assist Code Audits. In Proceedings
of the 22nd ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
(Denver, Colorado, USA) (CCS ’15) . Association for Computing Machinery, New
York, NY, USA, 426–437. https://doi.org/10.1145/2810103.2813604
[23] Zichao Qi, Fan Long, Sara Achour, and Martin Rinard. 2015. An analysis of
patch plausibility and correctness for generate-and-validate patch generation
systems. In Proceedings of the 2015 International Symposium on Software Testing
and Analysis . ACM, Baltimore MD USA, 24–36. https://doi.org/10.1145/2771783.
2771791
[24] Moritz Schloegel, Nils Bars, Nico Schiller, Lukas Bernhard, Tobias Scharnowski,
Addison Crump, Arash Ale-Ebrahim, Nicolai Bissantz, Marius Muench, and
Thorsten Holz. 2024. SoK: Prudent Evaluation Practices for Fuzzing. In 2024 IEEE
Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP) . IEEE Computer Society, 137–137.
[25] Kostya Serebryany. 2017. OSS-Fuzz - Google’s continuous fuzzing service for
open source software. USENIX Association, Vancouver, BC. https://www.usenix.
org/conference/usenixsecurity17/technical-sessions/presentation/serebryany
[26] Ari Takanen, Jared D. Demott, Charles Miller, and Atte Kettunen. 2018. Fuzzing
for Software Security Testing and Quality Assurance, Second Edition . Artech House.
Google-Books-ID: tKN5DwAAQBAJ.
[27] Xin Tan, Yuan Zhang, Chenyuan Mi, Jiajun Cao, Kun Sun, Yifan Lin, and Min
Yang. 2021. Locating the Security Patches for Disclosed OSS Vulnerabilities
with Vulnerability-Commit Correlation Ranking. In Proceedings of the 2021 ACM
SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security (Virtual Event,
Republic of Korea) (CCS ’21) . Association for Computing Machinery, New York,
NY, USA, 3282–3299. https://doi.org/10.1145/3460120.3484593
[28] Michal Zalewski. 2013. AFL. https://lcamtuf.coredump.cx/afl/.
[29] Hang Zhang and Zhiyun Qian. 2018. Precise and Accurate Patch Presence Test
for Binaries. In 27th USENIX Security Symposium (USENIX Security 18) . USENIX
Association, Baltimore, MD, 887–902. https://www.usenix.org/conference/
usenixsecurity18/presentation/zhang-hang
13

--- PAGE 14 ---
Conference’17, July 2017, Washington, DC, USAXiang Mei, Pulkit Singh Singaria, Jordi Del Castillo, Haoran Xi, Abdelouahab (Habs) Benchikh, Tiffany Bao, Ruoyu Wang, Yan Shoshitaishvili, Adam Doupé, Hammond Pearce,
and Brendan Dolan-Gavitt
APPENDIX A. LOCATED PATCH 25267
Listing 1: Patch for Open Issue 25267
commit 11ffeffadd980f9f96019fe180fc1e81827e3790
Author: Dirk Farin <dirk.farin@gmail.com>
Date: Mon Apr 4 20:43:45 2022 +0200
fix wrong memcpy size
diff --git a/libheif/heif_colorconversion.cc b/
libheif/heif_colorconversion.cc
index 2b05068..5a07ebb 100644
--- a/libheif/heif_colorconversion.cc
+++ b/libheif/heif_colorconversion.cc
@@ -526,7 +526,8 @@ Op_YCbCr_to_RGB<Pixel>::
convert_colorspace(const std::shared_ptr<const
HeifPixel
}
if (has_alpha) {
- memcpy(&out_a[y * out_a_stride], &in_a[y *
in_a_stride], width * 2);
+ int copyWidth = (hdr ? width * 2 : width);
+ memcpy(&out_a[y * out_a_stride], &in_a[y *
in_a_stride], copyWidth);
}
}
14

